Title: Godfather 
MPAA Rating: R
Year: 1972
Director: Francis Ford Coppola 
Review: This movie was so awesome! The drama was epic, and the ending was a classic. 

Review 2: I hated this movie. It’s just a bunch of stereotypes of New Yorkers. Do not watch this movie 

Review 3: I loved this film. Classic cinematography, and classic lines make this movie a masterpiece. The orange color make it stand out, and it’s amazing delivery of lines is fantastic. 

Title: Pulp Fiction 
MPAA Rating: R
Year: 1994
Director: Quentin Tarantino 
Review: I just don’t get it. The story doesn’t make sense. It’s out of order. 

Review 2: The movie is told a non-linear way. This is fantastic storytelling, and makes the movie what it is… an icon.

Review 3: Drugs, and violence is what makes this movie big, but it’s the comedic lines, and amazing storytelling what makes it awesome. This will be a classic soon enough.

Title: The Lion King 
MPAA Rating: G
Year: 1994
Director: Roger Allers. 
Review: Classic Disney. A retelling of Hamlet, but still amazing. 

Review 2: Disney has made an awesome film here.

Review 3: The movie was perfect. Perfect length, perfect animation… This movie would entertain you, and your cub. 

Title: Goodfellas
MPAA Rating: R
Genre: Drama
Year: 1990
Director: Martin Scorsese 
Review: The rise, and rise, and rise, then plummet of a New York gangster  

Review 2: This guy went to “The Godfather School of New Yorkers” 


Title: Star Wars 
MPAA Rating: PG
Genre: Sci-Fi
Year: 1977
Director: George Lucas 
Review: The beginning of the best saga ever. 

Review 2: This was stupid. Aliens are not real. This is just a teenager’s dream

Review 3: I loved this film. Sci-Fi is starting to make it’s mark. 

Title: Whiplash 
MPAA Rating: R
Genre: Drama
Year: 2014
Director: Damien Chazelle
Review: Amazing drama film.  

Review 2: J.K Simmons was a master of drama in this film.  

Review 3: I loved this film. Classic cinematography, and classic lines make this movie a masterpiece. The orange color make it stand out, and it’s amazing delivery of lines is fantastic. 


Title: The Dark Knight 
MPAA Rating: PG-13
Genre: Action
Year: 2008
Director: Christopher Nolan 
Review: Batman is back and better than ever

Review 2: I hated this movie. It’s just a bunch of stereotypes of New Yorkers. Do not watch this movie 
Title: Django Unchained  
MPAA Rating: R
Genre: Drama
Year: 2011
Director: Quentin Tarantino 
Review: This movie was so awesome! The drama was epic, and the ending was a classic. 

Review 2: Bunch of offensive remarks, and stupid plot. I hate this movie.  

Title: Toy Story 
MPAA Rating: G
Genre: Children
Year: 1995
Director: John Lasseter 

Review: Classic children’s film. Makes you wonder if your toys came to life. 

Review 2: Lasseter does it again. His movie is tops!  

Review 3: All the fun, no assembly required!

Title: Deadpool 
MPAA Rating: R
Genre: Comedy
Year: 2016
Director: Tim Miller
Review: This movie was so awesome! The comedy was epic, and the ending was a classic. 

Review 2: Too much cursing. Do not take your kids to this film. 
